README.md, before:

# Polymarket Paired Strategy Trader

Run your own BTC/ETH Up-Down paired strategy on Polymarket with **Off / Paper / Live** modes, wallet budget caps, and paper analytics before going live.

## Web UI (Fly.io)

A Next.js app provides a control UI to set trading mode (**Off / Paper / Live**), adjust sizing, cap wallet usage per run, and run manually.

### Deploy to Fly.io (two apps: web + worker)

Use two Fly.io apps from this repo:
- **polymarket-trader** (web): Next.js UI + API routes
- **polymarket-trader-worker**: persistent strategy worker loop

#### 1) Create apps and deploy

**Web app:**
```bash
fly launch --config fly.toml  # or fly deploy --config fly.toml
```

**Worker app (after web is live):**
```bash
fly launch --config fly.worker.toml  # or fly deploy --config fly.worker.toml
```

#### 2) Ensure EU region and egress (required for Polymarket)

Polymarket blocks US-based IPs. You need both:

**A) Machines in Stockholm** – run the migration script if you see US regions:

```bash
bash scripts/fly-migrate-to-eu.sh
```

**B) Static egress IP in Stockholm** – Fly’s default IPv4 egress uses shared NAT and can use US IPs even when machines are in AMS. Allocate an Amsterdam egress IP so outbound requests (e.g. to Polymarket) use an EU IP. Use Stockholm (arn) - Amsterdam (ams) may be restricted:

```bash
fly ips allocate-egress -a polymarket-trader -r arn
```

This costs about $3.60/mo for IPv4. After allocation, existing machines may take a short time to use the new IP; redeploy if needed:

```bash
fly deploy -a polymarket-trader -c fly.toml --remote-only --depot=false --primary-region arn -y
```

Verify with **Diagnostics & debug**: geoblock should show `blocked: false`, `country` = SE. Use the Fly URL, not localhost. Redis and the worker do not affect geoblock; only the web app’s outbound IP matters.

#### 3) Add Redis

- Use [Fly.io Redis](https://fly.io/docs/reference/redis/) or an external Redis (Upstash, etc.).
- Set `REDIS_URL` on the **web app** (`polymarket-trader`). The worker does not use Redis.

#### 4) Set secrets (both apps)

```bash
fly secrets set PRIVATE_KEY=... MY_ADDRESS=... SIGNATURE_TYPE=1 CRON_SECRET=... REDIS_URL=...
```

Optional: `POLY_BUILDER_API_KEY`, `POLY_BUILDER_SECRET`, `POLY_BUILDER_PASSPHRASE`, `POLYGON_RPC_URL`, `CLAIM_EVERY_N_RUNS`, `ALERT_WEBHOOK_URL`, `ALERT_WEBHOOK_TOKEN`.

**Worker app only:** `APP_BASE_URL` (e.g. `https://polymarket-trader.fly.dev`). It’s pre-set in `fly.worker.toml` for the default app name; adjust if your web app URL differs.

#### 5) GitHub Actions (optional)

`.github/workflows/fly-deploy.yml` deploys the web app and worker on push to `main`.

**Token setup (required for CI deploys):** You need an org-scoped token (or two app-scoped tokens) because the workflow deploys two apps.

- **Option A – Org-scoped (recommended):** Deploy both apps with one token:
  ```bash
  fly tokens create org --name "github-actions" -x 999999h
  ```
  Copy the full output (including `FlyV1` and space). Add it as repo secret `FLY_API_TOKEN` in GitHub: **Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions → New repository secret**.

- **Option B – App-scoped:** Create one token per app, then use two secrets (`FLY_API_TOKEN` for web, `FLY_API_TOKEN_WORKER` for worker) and update the workflow to use the appropriate token per job.

If you get `Error: unauthorized`, verify: (1) the secret exists and is spelled `FLY_API_TOKEN`, (2) the token was copied in full, (3) you used an org-scoped token (or matching app-scoped tokens).

#### 6) Claiming winnings

Resolved positions must be claimed to move winnings into available cash:
- app auto-claims every `CLAIM_EVERY_N_RUNS` (default 10)
- or use **Claim now** in UI / `POST /api/claim-now`

### Local dev

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Requires Redis (set `REDIS_URL` locally).

### Persistent worker (recommended over cron)

Instead of cron, you can run an always-on worker that continuously triggers the strategy run endpoint.

1. Set env vars for the worker process:
   - `APP_BASE_URL` (e.g. `https://your-app-domain.com`)
   - `CRON_SECRET` (must match your app env)
   - optional: `WORKER_INTERVAL_MS` (default `15000`)
   - optional: `WORKER_REQUEST_TIMEOUT_MS` (default `70000`)

2. Start the worker:

```bash
npm run worker
```

3. Deploy pattern (production):
   - Service A: web app (`next start`)
   - Service B: worker (`npm run worker`)
   - Both share the same Redis + wallet env vars.

Control behavior from UI:
- **Off** = pause (worker keeps running but places no new orders)
- **Paper** = simulate only
- **Live** = real orders
- Paper analytics can be viewed in UI and via `GET /api/paper-stats` (reset with `DELETE /api/paper-stats`).

To avoid duplicate triggers, run **either** cron **or** worker (not both).

---

## Is This Doable?

**Yes.** The public Polymarket API supports everything needed:

| Need | API | Endpoint |
|------|-----|----------|
| Your cash balance | Data API | `GET /v1/accounting/snapshot` |
| Place orders | CLOB API | `POST /order` (auth required) |

Docs: [Polymarket Developer Quickstart](https://docs.polymarket.com/quickstart/overview)

## Configuration Reference

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `MY_ADDRESS` | Your Polymarket proxy/funder address |
| `CRON_SECRET` | Required for worker-to-web auth (random string) |

### UI Controls (Web App)

- **Mode**: `Off` (paused), `Paper` (simulate only), `Live` (real orders)
- **Paper high-data preset**: one-click profile for dense paper sampling (`Paper` mode, 0.1c edge floor, max markets/run, focused on BTC/ETH 5m+15m)
- **Wallet usage % / run**: caps how much balance can be spent each run in Paper/Live
- **Coins**: enable/disable `BTC` and `ETH` independently
- **Cadence filters**: enable/disable `5m`, `15m`, and `Hourly` Up/Down markets
- **Cadence min-edge thresholds**: tune different edge requirements for `5m`, `15m`, and `Hourly`
- **Diagnostics trend (last N runs)**: view rolling execution/rejection trends and Phase 2 coin/cadence mix
- **Auto-tune suggestions**: one-click suggested cadence edge updates from trend diagnostics
- **Live safety guardrails**: configurable `max unresolved imbalances/run`, `unwind slippage`, and `unwind share buffer` for one-leg recovery
- **Daily live risk caps**: configurable max daily notional and max daily drawdown hard-stops
- **Safety latch preflight**: attempts to unwind prior unresolved exposure before allowing new live entries
- **Alert webhook (optional)**: set `ALERT_WEBHOOK_URL` (and optional `ALERT_WEBHOOK_TOKEN`) for critical safety notifications

Commit message:

Align Fly deployment guidance to Mumbai region
Co-authored-by: Nicholas Chikuji <chiku524@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Polymarket Paired Strategy Trader

Run your own BTC/ETH Up-Down paired strategy on Polymarket with **Off / Paper / Live** modes, wallet budget caps, and paper analytics before going live.

## Web UI (Fly.io)

A Next.js app provides a control UI to set trading mode (**Off / Paper / Live**), adjust sizing, cap wallet usage per run, and run manually.

### Deploy to Fly.io (two apps: web + worker)

Use two Fly.io apps from this repo:
- **polymarket-trader** (web): Next.js UI + API routes
- **polymarket-trader-worker**: persistent strategy worker loop

#### 1) Create apps and deploy

**Web app:**
```bash
fly launch --config fly.toml  # or fly deploy --config fly.toml
```

**Worker app (after web is live):**
```bash
fly launch --config fly.worker.toml  # or fly deploy --config fly.worker.toml
```

#### 2) Ensure Mumbai region and egress (required for Polymarket)

Polymarket blocks US/EU-based IPs. You need both:

**A) Machines in Mumbai (`bom`)** – run the migration script if you see US/EU regions:

```bash
bash scripts/fly-migrate-to-bom.sh
```

**B) Static egress IP in Mumbai (`bom`)** – Fly’s default IPv4 egress uses shared NAT and may still route through blocked locations. Allocate Mumbai egress so outbound requests to Polymarket use an allowed IP:

```bash
fly ips allocate-egress -a polymarket-trader -r bom
```

This costs about $3.60/mo for IPv4. After allocation, existing machines may take a short time to use the new IP; redeploy if needed:

```bash
fly deploy -a polymarket-trader -c fly.toml --remote-only --depot=false --primary-region bom -y
```

Verify with **Diagnostics & debug**: geoblock should show `blocked: false`, `country` = IN. Use the Fly URL, not localhost. Redis and the worker do not affect geoblock; only the web app’s outbound IP matters.

#### 3) Add Redis

- Use [Fly.io Redis](https://fly.io/docs/reference/redis/) or an external Redis (Upstash, etc.).
- Set `REDIS_URL` on the **web app** (`polymarket-trader`). The worker does not use Redis.

#### 4) Set secrets (both apps)

```bash
fly secrets set PRIVATE_KEY=... MY_ADDRESS=... SIGNATURE_TYPE=1 CRON_SECRET=... REDIS_URL=...
```

Optional: `POLY_BUILDER_API_KEY`, `POLY_BUILDER_SECRET`, `POLY_BUILDER_PASSPHRASE`, `POLYGON_RPC_URL`, `CLAIM_EVERY_N_RUNS`, `ALERT_WEBHOOK_URL`, `ALERT_WEBHOOK_TOKEN`.

**Worker app only:** `APP_BASE_URL` (e.g. `https://polymarket-trader.fly.dev`). It’s pre-set in `fly.worker.toml` for the default app name; adjust if your web app URL differs.

#### 5) GitHub Actions (optional)

`.github/workflows/fly-deploy.yml` deploys the web app and worker on push to `main`.

**Token setup (required for CI deploys):** You need an org-scoped token (or two app-scoped tokens) because the workflow deploys two apps.

- **Option A – Org-scoped (recommended):** Deploy both apps with one token:
  ```bash
  fly tokens create org --name "github-actions" -x 999999h
  ```
  Copy the full output (including `FlyV1` and space). Add it as repo secret `FLY_API_TOKEN` in GitHub: **Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions → New repository secret**.

- **Option B – App-scoped:** Create one token per app, then use two secrets (`FLY_API_TOKEN` for web, `FLY_API_TOKEN_WORKER` for worker) and update the workflow to use the appropriate token per job.

If you get `Error: unauthorized`, verify: (1) the secret exists and is spelled `FLY_API_TOKEN`, (2) the token was copied in full, (3) you used an org-scoped token (or matching app-scoped tokens).

#### 6) Claiming winnings

Resolved positions must be claimed to move winnings into available cash:
- app auto-claims every `CLAIM_EVERY_N_RUNS` (default 10)
- or use **Claim now** in UI / `POST /api/claim-now`

### Local dev

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Requires Redis (set `REDIS_URL` locally).

### Persistent worker (recommended over cron)

Instead of cron, you can run an always-on worker that continuously triggers the strategy run endpoint.

1. Set env vars for the worker process:
   - `APP_BASE_URL` (e.g. `https://your-app-domain.com`)
   - `CRON_SECRET` (must match your app env)
   - optional: `WORKER_INTERVAL_MS` (default `15000`)
   - optional: `WORKER_REQUEST_TIMEOUT_MS` (default `70000`)

2. Start the worker:

```bash
npm run worker
```

3. Deploy pattern (production):
   - Service A: web app (`next start`)
   - Service B: worker (`npm run worker`)
   - Both share the same Redis + wallet env vars.

Control behavior from UI:
- **Off** = pause (worker keeps running but places no new orders)
- **Paper** = simulate only
- **Live** = real orders
- Paper analytics can be viewed in UI and via `GET /api/paper-stats` (reset with `DELETE /api/paper-stats`).

To avoid duplicate triggers, run **either** cron **or** worker (not both).

---

## Is This Doable?

**Yes.** The public Polymarket API supports everything needed:

| Need | API | Endpoint |
|------|-----|----------|
| Your cash balance | Data API | `GET /v1/accounting/snapshot` |
| Place orders | CLOB API | `POST /order` (auth required) |

Docs: [Polymarket Developer Quickstart](https://docs.polymarket.com/quickstart/overview)

## Configuration Reference

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `MY_ADDRESS` | Your Polymarket proxy/funder address |
| `CRON_SECRET` | Required for worker-to-web auth (random string) |

### UI Controls (Web App)

- **Mode**: `Off` (paused), `Paper` (simulate only), `Live` (real orders)
- **Paper high-data preset**: one-click profile for dense paper sampling (`Paper` mode, 0.1c edge floor, max markets/run, focused on BTC/ETH 5m+15m)
- **Wallet usage % / run**: caps how much balance can be spent each run in Paper/Live
- **Coins**: enable/disable `BTC` and `ETH` independently
- **Cadence filters**: enable/disable `5m`, `15m`, and `Hourly` Up/Down markets
- **Cadence min-edge thresholds**: tune different edge requirements for `5m`, `15m`, and `Hourly`
- **Diagnostics trend (last N runs)**: view rolling execution/rejection trends and Phase 2 coin/cadence mix
- **Auto-tune suggestions**: one-click suggested cadence edge updates from trend diagnostics
- **Live safety guardrails**: configurable `max unresolved imbalances/run`, `unwind slippage`, and `unwind share buffer` for one-leg recovery
- **Daily live risk caps**: configurable max daily notional and max daily drawdown hard-stops
- **Safety latch preflight**: attempts to unwind prior unresolved exposure before allowing new live entries
- **Alert webhook (optional)**: set `ALERT_WEBHOOK_URL` (and optional `ALERT_WEBHOOK_TOKEN`) for critical safety notifications
